Hey, good morning family. Well, we see the rat in the White House.
I tried to warn you all what the spirit of the Lord said clear back in October.
October the 30th, yes, I gave you all word about Elon Musk and I said he is a rat, and you know how much persecution I received for that.
So I said, 'Let's pray for him to get born again.'And that's why I thought this is going to take the heat off of this, because we're going to pray for his soul, which we still should.
But I said, 'This man is part Nephilim.'And I warned you all.
I said, 'This man is very dark. I see satanic origins behind him.
There's very dark things.'When I prayed for this man, I saw Elon Musk and I saw a demonic shadow behind him of a Nephilim technology.
It was influencing him. I do not want to call him Nephilim because they're giants, right?
But it's like a hybrid. He has hybrid thinking. That's just the way I saw it in the spirit, that this was a mind that was hybrid.
I don't know if he is a hybrid; I just know that there's something about this man.
He thinks in a way that is not normal. And all of a sudden, now he's the cheerleader for freedom of speech.
And so all these people are liking him, and he's like, 'I'm your buddy. I'm your pal.
Follow me.'You know, and everybody's like, 'Well, he's on the good side.'But I pray he is, folks, but don't be deceived, because I saw a dark demonic spirit behind him.
Okay? And it had humongous, not little bitty horns, huge horns that looked like huge horns.
And I heard Nephilim as I saw a rat again. I just saw a rat. When I closed my eyes again, I saw a rat.
But this time, the rat had a black face, a white body, and a black tail, a black back end.
White in the middle, black on the ends. And that's what he's looking at, and it had a light shining on it, like a spotlight.
I saw a spotlight on this rat, and it was shining as it was trying to crawl through the night.
As it was trying to crawl through the night, there was a spotlight on it, exposing where it was.
I believe an exposing of darkness is happening as we pray, an exposing of the rats within.
Exposing of the rats within, such that there will be embarrassing moments for politicians.
But not only that—justice, justice, justice, justice in Jesus'name.
Thank you, Father, that all hidden things be revealed concerning these things.
I am praying for the president because the Lord revealed to me there was a rat in the White House, and so I have been praying over that. And whenever Elon Musk...
there's things I know everybody likes Elon Musk and they say he's on the train, we're excited about Elon Musk, but I'm telling you I've seen some very dark things, and the Lord has warned me about this man.
And whenever he has been arguing with Trump and he's upset about the bill and all these things, but I'm telling you there's a Nephilim spirit behind him.
And that sounds way out there, but I'm telling you, I've seen some dark stuff. And is he the rat? God will show.
And I said, 'In the days ahead, there is a rat in the White House, and he will try to take down Trump.'I warned you all about this. Remember, I have video after video.
We prayed for Elon Musk for, what was it, forty-some days, and every day I brought him up because I was trying to pray for his soul.
And if everybody remembers, I warned about a blonde girl, and I said in the summer months...
I know sometimes the Lord talks to me with types and shadows; it's not always just black and white.
And I said there's a blonde girl, she's very beautiful, she looks like a supermodel, and she tries to take him out point blank.
A young blonde girl that looks like a supermodel. And I said, 'I don't know what this is, but I saw her...'like he was walking down these steps and she came out of the bushes.
She was hiding and she came, and everybody was distracted. This warning that the Lord told me about was about Donald Trump.
He showed me him walking down a cobblestone path, and this woman with blonde hair—she had a French twist in the back of her hair and she was dressed up in this beautiful dress—she was there to take him out.
The people who are praying for him are being distracted. Am I trying to cover sin? No.
If he's done these things, I'm not here to go, 'Well, we should just bury it.'That's what I'm saying.
But the Lord had warned me that He had put him in a position for such a time as this to bring America a window of opportunity.
So, we still intercede for him because of these allegations and what Elon Musk is doing today.
Elon Musk came out today, as many of you may not know, and said that the reason why President Trump has not released the Epstein files is because he's in the Epstein files and says he should be impeached.
There are all these things he's agreeing with, saying that President Trump should be removed, that he has evidence that President Trump has been messing around doing bad things, right?
So the rat is now... and, you know, when you're seeing a rat in the spirit, you're like, 'What is this rat, Lord?
What are you showing me a rat?'A rat is a narc. A rat is somebody who infiltrates and is sneaky.
Rats are sneaky. So the Lord showed me this man is sneaky; he's in there, and he is not a true friend. And I saw things that were tied to him to Russia.
And I can't go into the depth of that for my own safety, but I'm just telling you all I knew by the spirit of God to warn you.
Even when there's so many Christians who are like, 'Oh, I'm on the Elon train. He's so nice.
He's giving millions of dollars trying to help Donald Trump.'And I say, 'He has an ulterior motive.
And if he doesn't get that ulterior motive met, what is he going to do?'Well, a knife is in one hand, and that's what happened.
He's stabbing him in the back, and it's a sad day. It's a sad day when you see...
I knew the closer he got, the more you open up and you're like, 'Hey, let's be friends.
We're friends. We'll talk behind closed doors,'and you confide things.
What things will be brought out to the surface in the confiding because this didn't happen the way he thought?
The whole budget deal of the $5 trillion and all this was just upsetting him.
You know, 'Well, you're DOGE and we helped you out,'and all the corruption in the government.
What more to this is there of uncovering in the days ahead, where I told you I saw politicians with secret bank accounts and dark things with big money concerning Ukraine?
This is deeper and darker. Our government... you think the JFK files and people talking about how dark that was, folks?
That ain't nothing compared to what's going on now. We've got some monsters behind those four walls of Congress.
And most people go, 'Oh, it's okay.'No, it's not okay. God's a God of justice, and God is watching all of it.
And there'll be an exposing of things in the days ahead. There'll be exposing of your past in some circumstances where it looks like it tries to come back.
Well, it bites you because you think, 'Well, I'm too powerful to be touched.
I have so much money, I can't be touched.'And yet, what happens is the pride, and the devil hangs you with your own rope.
Do you see? But God is a God of justice, and I told you there'll be a shaking in politics. Remember that.
There'll be a shaking in politics, there'll be a shaking in the church, there'll be a shaking in the earth's crust, there'll be a shaking in the finances in the days ahead.
And there will be a shaking in the heavens. Five great shakings are upon us: volcanoes a mile wide, earthquakes in diverse places.
For the earth and the powers of the heavens will be shaken. Watch. Watch.
But he said, "I'm exposing and I'm going to get rid of the corruption in the church, Braden, and I'm raising up young Davids that will have a backbone like a crowbar and tell my people that I'm coming.
What will you do with this window, ladies and gentlemen, that the Lord has given us?
The window is closing quickly, as you see around us."God said to me, "Brandon, many say this is not convenient.
The end times are not convenient. I don't want to live this. I like living it.
And as he gives you a window, you go back into your slumber and you put your head in the sand like an ostrich,"he said.
But he said, "Brandon, there's a great shaking coming, and this time it will not be prayed away.
There'll be major things happening in the days ahead that will not be prayed away because I'm getting my people's attention."And many people, they say, will call this Ichabod.
But it is not Ichabod. "I have never left you, and I have never forsaken you.
I'm bringing an opportunity, for great judgment is not when you go through hard times.
Great judgment and trial is whenever you're separated from God for eternity.
True judgment from the Lord is separation for eternity, that you would burn in hell for eternity.
That is the most important thing that you make your decision on: either you choose Jesus today as your Lord and personal Savior, or you're choosing hell.
There is no in-between. You're either hot or you're cold. If you're lukewarm, he said he'd spew you out of his mouth like you taste coffee.
Listen, it's time to wake up. You're running out of time. Jesus Christ is coming."Well, I came to a different location.
I was looking at downtown Tulsa, and there's a graveyard over there, and I thought it was fitting.
It is appointed unto man once to die, folks, and after that the judgment.
There are hundreds of bodies in there, if not maybe a thousand, that had a choice.
They could either accept Jesus Christ as their Lord and Savior, or they accepted hell.
To be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord. Either you're in heaven or you're in hell; there is no in-between. And it's so fitting.
I was looking at—I told Braden, I said, "You know, for what's on my heart, the seriousness of the hour, getting ready for the coming of the Lord.
Getting ready. Are you ready for the coming of the Lord? That's the most important thing,"I said.
"If any YouTuber, anybody out there, is preaching anything else other than the coming of the Lord right now, getting excited about Jesus coming—do you know him as Lord and personal Savior?
Have you asked Jesus Christ to be your Lord and personal Savior?
That's the most important thing right now: preaching the Great Commission, going into all the world, laying hands on the sick, seeing them recover."When I saw the Father and I saw the outline of the Lord and the glory, the Lord said to me, "Brandon, I'm waiting on you.
I'm waiting for you to bring in the harvest of souls."And I told Diana, after that was over, it's been stirring in me.
I said, "What else matters anymore then? If that's what's on his heart and that's what he wants, who cares about everything else? Who cares about everything else?
This is the most important thing on the Father's heart: to bring in the lost, to bring in the unsaved."And I thought, well, let's do it.
Every time we have a video, every time, these preachers, YouTubers, whatever, we should be talking about the coming of the Lord, getting people's hearts right.
I know a lot of people were freaked out about the Taiwan video, about the Taiwanese people.
Listen, I don't know if I was looking into the Great Tribulation or not.
All I know is that this is not a call to fear; it's a call to prayer.
If you live in Taiwan, change it. It was not a definite vision.
I could see the dome; I could see that thing that looked like China trying to take it over.
But if you live in Taiwan, you should be resisting this. My visions are prophetic, to pray for a lot of them.
And the Lord told me the great shaking is going to take place because the awakening needs to take place.
But if you live in Taiwan, I wouldn't go, "Well, you know, we should go hide in a cave and get our Bibles because China is coming."I would say, "No, I'm putting angels stationed around this island. We're going to put angels all over here.
We're going to use our God-given authority, and we're not going to allow any devil in hell to take our freedoms."I told the South Korean people, "You must rise up with a backbone like a crowbar in the days ahead.
You must rise up and pray."Is all lost in South Korea right now?
I want you to listen to me. Is all lost in South Korea right now? No. No.
I saw a great revival coming out of Japan, out of South Korea, and China.
A major harvest of souls is going to take place in North Korea. North Korea.
Does that mean the devil's just going to lay down and allow it to happen?
Well, there've been words, "There's going to be revival."No, he's going to resist it and fight it with all he has.
Because what is the most valuable thing to the Father? Gold, silver, diamonds?
No, souls—the hearts, your hearts. Why? Because you are his children.
So if the devil can hurt the Lord at anything, he can try to hurt him by touching his kids.
And us not using our authority and knowing who we are is the problem. We've got to take our authority.
Now, I heard some people say, "We're going to stop everything in prayer—we're going to stop the plagues, all these things."No.
If Matthew 24 said that some of these things were going to take place—plagues, pestilence, earthquakes in diverse places, wars and rumors of wars—you can take it to the bank.
We can't change that. We cannot go against the Bible. The Bible is the foundation, and it's the pillar.
You're not going to change the word of God, because that's the word of God, and it's perfect. Does that make sense, what I'm telling y'all?
So, it's time we understand we're going to see some of these things, and you're not going to stop it, but it won't affect you.
You understand? We're believers. We live in this world, but we're not of it.
We're like aliens. We're getting ready to get out of here. You know what I'm saying?
Our home is in heaven, but we're just ambassadors for the Lord Jesus Christ.
And guess what? When we're ambassadors, we have all heaven backing us.
We have all the treasury of heaven. We have the authority, the armory of heaven. We have the power of heaven.
Everything the Lord has, he gave it to us, and we have authority to walk in it on this earth.
Most people just allow the devil to run rampant and beat them up.
I said, "No, if you steal from me, you owe me back sevenfold, double. I'm at least claiming double, but I'm believing for seven.
Everything the devil stole from me, I'm getting it back with interest.
I want it back with interest. You don't mess with me. You don't touch my kids. You don't touch my wife. You don't touch our health.
We are healthy, whole, and well because of a covenant that God gave us."Do you either believe it or you don't?
And as believers—Taiwan, you live in Taiwan, you live in China—you say, "No, devil.
You're not stealing our rights and freedoms in Taiwan. You're not going to steal our finances.
You're not going to do this."You either take your authority and say, "We're not having war here."I don't have authority over Taiwan.
I can pray and tell you how to pray, but you have to take your authority and say, "We're not doing this."That's why we did it in America.
The American people rise up and we said, "No, we're not going to have a Democratic party with Kamala Harris.
We're not going to do that."And I said, "The Lord told you all."He said, "I'm going to give you a window. I'm going to give you a window.
What are you going to do with that window?"And I said, "Most people, when I heard what the Lord said, he was standing there watching."He said, "Well, you know, this isn't convenient.
The end times is not on my agenda. It's not convenient."And we can go back because he's given this window of this three years or four years, whatever this is that we're praying for.
He's given us this window of opportunity. And most people go, "Well, they've put their head back in the sand.
I'll come back out when the elections come."You're missing it.
Look at the division and the strife that's trying to take place right now as we speak in the White House.
I told you there was a rat in the White House. Did I not? I said there's a rat in the White House.
I've been warning about this since January, was it not? Or November.
Yeah. I said there's a rat in the White House. I said, "I see Elon Musk."Was Elon Musk bad at the time?
No. He's trying to help Trump get elected. But I see way in the future.
I see in the future. What is this that the Lord is warning about?
Does Elon Musk know Trump's secrets that he's ticked off about?
He's tweeting against him now. He's speaking against him. "I don't like the budget bill.
I don't all these things."What was the honeymoon phase? Looks like it's over.
I warned about a rat in the White House. I saw Elon Musk's face.
Most people were like, "Brandon, don't talk against him. You don't know what you're talking about.
He's a friend."But you don't know what's coming. You don't know what's coming.
What secrets does he know that no one else knows that could hurt him?
I don't know. We must pray for President Trump. I said what I saw coming.
I was taken in the spirit, and I saw the calendar pass before me.
I went clear into 2026, summer of 2026. Great shifting, great change is coming in 2026.
Going into 2027, I told you I saw a major plague. I saw a new plague trying to come forth, this graveyard.
A lot of those bodies probably are from COVID. Do you understand?
Do you understand? A major plague's coming. Does that mean we lay down for it and do it? No.
I said, "If you don't understand Psalm 91 and Psalm 23 in the days ahead, you won't make it.
You must have a foundation of the word of God inside of your heart.
You must have a foundation of the word of God."Most people did not have a foundation of the word of God in their heart in 2019 and 2020 going with COVID in this, and the Lord said, "This thing, COVID, will look like a walk in a park compared to what they had planned."So are we supposed to be freaked out about it?
No. We get that bulldog faith inside of us saying, "No weapon formed against me is going to prosper.
A thousand at my side, 10,000 at my right hand, but it will not come nigh."Either you believe it or you don't.
Either we believe that we're going to walk in the glory or we're not.
And we're not begging believers, "Well, when it comes, it comes and we'll pray."No, I don't wait until the storm comes to pray.
I pray against the storm before it starts. I pray against the storm before it starts.
That's why I say I'm not waiting for Taiwan to get invaded and go, "Well, we should pray for them then."No, we stop it before it happens.
That's what I'm telling y'all. "Well, Brandon, I guess it's just supposed to happen."No, this is part of the vision that the Lord told me.
He said, "Brandon, you're missing it. You must pray against the invasion of Taiwan.
You must pray and stop the invasion of Taiwan. Praying against this.
They're a country, their sovereign country. This is not right. It's like what's going on with Russia.
I saw that devil coming up out of there, a great Apollyon spinning like a top trying to cause more war with Putin and the hook in the jaw and what's going to happen with Israel in the days ahead with Ezekiel 38 and 39 war.
That's set in stone. It will happen. The Bible said it would.
But we'll have wars and rumors of wars. That's the things the Lord told us would come. I'm not freaked out about it.
I just go, "Hey man, we know we're looking up, for our redemption draws nigh."This shouldn't catch us off guard because the more you become friends with somebody—it's like being friends with Braden, being friends with Diana—we know, I know what's coming.
I know what they feel. I know because why? We're talking about things. You have a relationship with somebody.
You know, "This is what we feel, right?"You have a relationship with the Father.
Things of the spirit shouldn't catch you off guard because you are intimate with the Father.
You have intimacy with the Father, and the people who are not intimate with Him are going to be caught off guard.
But the more you draw nigh to God, the more He draws nigh to you in the days ahead.
It's like with the shakings and all the things that I've told you with the plagues and the wars and the rumors of wars, what's going on with the White House right now, warning about the ants coming up out of the pit.
I've warned you about the terrorist, the hidden cells of the terrorists in America.
Those people didn't go away, folks. They didn't just deport them.
They're hiding out. They're waiting for the opportune time.
And I told you, I said I saw like the planes flying into the 9/11 towers recently, in two videos ago, and I saw the Lord said, "What's coming will be a type and shadow of a 9/11 event.
It will get the whole earth's attention."I saw a shaking and it's going to awaken everybody.
Because in the vision, I saw it, the Lord said, "Don't forget what you felt on 9/11 that morning.
Remember that?"And I was like, "Yeah, I remember it, Lord."And He took me back there as I was in the vision, and the Lord said it got the whole earth's attention.
But everything changed within a 24-hour period. I keep telling you all this.
Everything changed in America on September 11, 2001. Everything changed.
And the Lord said there's another major event that's about to change everything.
The way we're living our life right now will not be soon. I said going into these months ahead, you'll see it.
Are we afraid of it? No. Know that things change. We're getting ready. We're going faster like a rocket into the beast system.
We're going into the beast system and we know this is going to happen because Jesus is coming.
So, I'm not freaked out about things, y'all. I try to just tell you to encourage you.
All the videos I make, people get scared. I have so many people getting freaked out.
And I'm like, no, I'm not trying to bring a call to fear. I'm calling a call to prayer.
But at the same time, I'm warning you of things that are coming. And some things can be stopped, some things can't.
My main focus right now, after the Lord—I saw the Father, what He said, "The outline of the glory, bring the harvest in, and I'm bringing you home"—I'm like, "Then what the heck are we doing?
Let's bring them in, man."I encourage every YouTuber that watches this, anybody who's watching me, tell people Jesus is coming so we can get out of here.
Aren't you ready to go see heaven and Jesus, y'all? I mean, I don't know.
I know my family is, but I'm just like, "Are you...?"Some people don't want to go right now.
They want to—"I want to have a family. I want to get married. I want to have a wife. I want to have a husband.
I want to have my career."They're so caught up in the world that it's like Billy Burke always said.
He said, "The rapture of the church is the most intrusive thing on human life,"because a lot of people want to live their life.
They want to fulfill what they want to do, but they're not close to the Father.
And it's like, well, "I don't really want to go in the rapture.
I want to live my life out."And I understand there's a lot of people who want to live their life out, but I'm a person who is looking up.
Because I'm telling you, when you experience just a taste of the glory, when you experience just a thimble of it, it will change your life forever.
Can you imagine living in it? Can you imagine living in the Shekinah and with the presence of the Lord forever and ever and ever?
Most of our loved ones that passed on before us, they're in it right now.
To be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord. But yet, we have the opportunity to get it and not taste death. Glory to God, folks. Jesus is coming.
And that's what I want to encourage you every single day, to tell you that all this craziness of the world is happening all around us, and it's happening every day, and it's nuts.
And the world's getting more crazy, it seems like, but the darkness is increasing, but the light's about to increase even more because of the glory.
He said, "Arise, shine, for your light has come, and the glory of the Lord is risen upon you"and me.
And I'm ready for when I walk into restaurants, when I walk into places, and devils manifest because the glory of the Lord's on us.
And we set the captives free by the power of the blood of Jesus.
We set the people free because He lives on the inside of us. We are carriers of the anointing.
We are carriers of the glory. And it's time we rise up and carry Jesus everywhere. Right?
It shouldn't be "This little light of mine, I'm going to let it shine."I want to go, "This inferno of mine, I'm going to let it burn."I mean, I don't want to be this little light.
We just have this little thing, we're just barely getting by, a little life, and somebody could go, "I'm going to blow it out,"and it's gone.
I don't want you to be able to blow my flame out. They should go, "This is like a forest fire.
We've got to call in the reinforcements!"Bring in the army trucks and everybody else, the National Guard, to help put out the fire because it's too big.
Brendan's fire is too big. This thing is not a little light. This is a big four-alarm fire.
I've got a four-alarm fire inside of me. My daughter has it inside of her.
Megan, Paisley, Braden, Diana, we've got infernos. We're a raging fire for Jesus in these last days.
Reinhard Bonnke was the greatest example of this. He was always talking about the fire of Jesus. I'm like, golly, I want the fire!
I don't want to just be some, "Little light of mine, I'm going to let it shine."I don't want to have to explain to those people over there that they didn't make it because somebody didn't tell them about Jesus and they are there forever.
They're in hell. Some of those people are in hell. They didn't make it because somebody maybe didn't tell them about Jesus.
What kind of excuse is that? You explain to them why they're in hell.
That's terrible. But there are some of them who made it. Yet, there are graveyards full of people who had a choice.
You have a choice today. Either you believe it or you don't. But there will be a day when we won't taste death.
We're going to go in the rapture, and I believe that. That day is here. We're getting ready for it. He's coming.
It's time to believe God for exceedingly abundantly above all that you dare ask or think.
Stop this poverty mentality, this barely-getting-by thinking.
Think big today, that God has your back, and He loves you, and He has your best interest at heart.
Not to go, "Well, you know, sometimes He does, sometimes He doesn't.
I don't know. Maybe God will this time, but He didn't last time.
I don't know. You know, Aunt Ethel died."Believe! God forbid. That's where Paisley's at.
She was like, "Hey, I'm believing God for my dog to get out of that death.
All things are possible, Daddy, to him who believes."And as for me, even I told her, "Paisley, God is not going to hear me when I pray."Didn't I say that?
"Yeah. Yeah, God is not going to hear me when I pray. God, He's mad at me. I just acted a fool, Paisley.
I yelled at you, I said all these things."And she's like, "But all things are possible, Daddy, to him who believes."Either you believe it or you don't.
Paisley did, and guess what? She got the fruit of it. It was a miracle.
The dog got up from the dead, restored by a creative miracle. And you think, "Well, that's a dog.
God doesn't care about dogs."If He cares for those little birds out here in the fields that you can't see—there's none over there—if He cares for the sparrow and He cares for the lily of the field, how much more does He care for those things that you love?
If you, being evil, know how to give good gifts to your children, how much more does your heavenly Father give good gifts to those?
How much more, if a dog's important to my daughter, He loves us enough to care about that and give us the desires of our heart.
He wants to give you the desires of your heart today, but you have to believe Him for it.
"Well, I don't know."Well, then you won't get it. He's not going to twist your arm and try to show you that He loves you.
He wants you to believe it. If you're a believing believer, all things are possible to those who believe, that are a believing believer.
Right, Braden? We believe it. Either you believe it or you don't. We're still believing all the way, but we see fruit.
If you don't see fruit in what you're doing, then do something different.
You know, I believe it. I believe it works. You can't convince me that God's not a healer. I've seen too many people be healed.
You can't convince me that God's not a blesser of those that diligently seek Him, and that tithing doesn't work, because I am a byproduct of tithing.
I believe in tithing. "Well, I don't believe in tithing, brother.
That's under the law."I believe it's for today, because I have the fruit of it. I believe when I sow, I reap.
I believe you can give and it shall be given unto you: good measure, pressed down, shaken together, and running over will men give back to you.
I believe the wealth of the sinner is laid up for the righteous.
I believe that when I put a seed in the ground, right out here in this field, I could put a seed in the ground and it would bring forth a 30, 60, 100-fold harvest.
It's part of the law. It's part of what He set in motion: seedtime and harvest.
He didn't say you reap back one, you reap back two. You reap back 30, 60-fold.
Every crop is going to do something, whether corn is going to produce it, green beans, potatoes, whatever.
But you don't get one back for one. You get seedtime and a big harvest, right?
That's just the laws of nature. But the law of the spirit, seedtime and harvest, it's all there.
We believe in the power of seedtime and harvest in this house. But if you go, "Well, I don't believe in sowing.
I give a dollar in the offering and I haven't gotten back my million dollars."Don't be foolish.
If you sow a thimbleful, you'll reap a thimbleful. If you sow a dump truck, you're going to get dump trucks.
Does that make sense? You can't... I mean, a hundred-fold return off of a dollar is $100.
But you say, "Well, I got $100 and then I took my family out for a steak dinner."You ate your seed.
You didn't go back and plant anymore. "We went out to Outback, we went out to these places,"and you ate.
And I'm like, "Oh my God."Keep working the system. Keep working the system.
Faith will work if you work it. The system works; it's not broken.
He made it that way so that anybody can work it. But you can choose to do it by faith.
By faith, by faith, you put these seeds in the ground and God will supply all your needs according to His riches in glory by Christ Jesus.
Jesus said He would take care of us. But you have to put your boat into motion.
You can't just sit there and say, 'I'm just going to sit here and wait for my heavenly blessings.'That's what most people do.
I'm waiting for my Publishers Clearing House in the mailbox.
Maybe I'll go buy a lottery ticket and God will give me the $35 million tomorrow, brother.
I don't believe in chance. I don't believe in gambling. I believe in seedtime and harvest.
I believe in what God said, 'Whatsoever a man soweth, that will he also reap.'That's how I raised my kids, everybody, and we see fruit.
Try it. Sow and try it, and see what God will do on your behalf today.
Believe. Pray over your seed. Don't just throw it in the ground.
No, I call it forth. 'Father, I call my seed forth. I water my seed of faith. I water that seed.
I thank You, Lord, that You said in Your word that You would supply all my needs according to Your riches of glory by Christ Jesus.'I pray over those seeds today.
I pray over my financial seeds. I pray over my unsaved loved ones.
They will know the saving knowledge of the Lord Jesus Christ.
They will have visitations and manifestations in their lives. They won't taste this over here and go to hell.
I believe it's interceding mamas and interceding grandmas that keep a lot of people out of hell.
Don't give up on your unsaved loved ones. Don't give up on them.
Believe God. Tell the devil, 'Get your hands off of my unsaved loved ones.
Open the eyes of their understanding, that they would be enlightened today.'I thank You, Father.
Amen. I hope this video blessed you today. I just wanted to tell you it's time to believe.
God forbid, we see these things happening all around us with the White House, with the wars and rumors of wars, all these things going on.
And I'm not here to cause fear, y'all, but I want to be accurate in telling you what I've seen coming. And I don't want to get all flaky about things.
And if I miss it, I'll be the first one to come on here and tell you, but I have an urgency in my heart to tell you it's time to get your heart right.
And we should pray for Taiwan. We should pray for these things.
Get excited about the authority of the believer. It's time to get excited about the authority of the believer.
You're a carrier of the glory. You're a carrier of the anointing, and He lives on the inside of you today.
How many of you out there right now know that if you died today, you would spend eternity in hell?
Many of you put your shoes on today and tied them and you went to work.
But there's a lot of you that put your shoes on, and the undertaker's going to be taking them off tonight. No man is promised tomorrow. No man is promised tomorrow.
We all believe that we'll have a long life, but some folks, because they're not listening or they're on the wrong side of things, the devil comes and snuffs their candle out.
It's time to make sure you know where you'll spend eternity. I want you to repeat this prayer after me.
It's so important for you to repeat this prayer after me and ask the Lord Jesus Christ to be your Lord and personal Savior.
I want you to say—it's just a simple little prayer, it doesn't have to be all religious, it's just simple, it's easy—say, 'Jesus, I believe You're the Son of God.
I believe You died and rose again on the third day. I believe I need a Savior.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life. Jesus, forgive me. I'm a sinner.
Cleanse me and wash me with Your precious blood. I'm coming home.
I don't want to serve the devil. I want to serve You. I want to be with You in heaven.
I want to rule and reign with You. Be my Lord and personal Savior today.
Thank You, Jesus. I'll serve You all the days of my life. I turn my back on hell and the devil and every evil work.
I turn my back on it. I don't want it anymore. I want You. Thank You, Lord, for forgiving me.'That's easy, huh?
That's all you have to do, and mean it with your heart. Confess your sins.
He is faithful and just to forgive us of our sins and cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
Now, what do you do next? You go to a Bible-believing church.
You go to Glorious Church Fellowship, where we go, or any church around your area.
You find a church that preaches the Word. Go to a church that preaches the Word.
Tell that pastor, 'I got born again on a YouTube broadcast and I want to be water-baptized.
I need to be water-baptized.'Get water-baptized. That's the next step.
Get water-baptized. Get baptized in the Holy Ghost with fire and speaking in tongues.
We believe that. And get plugged into that church. Go to church on Sundays, Wednesdays, whatever they have.
Go to their Bible studies, whatever you've got to do to feed your spirit and get off of the milk of the Word and get your teeth ready for the meat of the Word.
Make sure they're teaching the meat of the Word. You say, 'Well, I don't know.'You'll know as you go.
As long as you're going from glory to glory, He's changing you.
That's what you want to do. You want to be changed to be just like Jesus. You want to be just like Jesus. That's what we're after.
Now, if you fall down and you skin your knees through sin or you mess up, pick yourself up, brush your knees off, and keep on going.
Praise the Lord. Father, I thank You, Lord, for every single person that's represented here.
We pray over Taiwan. We say in the name of Jesus, 'Satan, get your hands off of this island.
Get your hand off of South Korea, off of all the Asian people.'We pray a blessing and increase over them in the name of Jesus, that no weapon formed against these people will prosper.
We pray a hedge of blood around everybody's bodies right now in the name of Jesus.
We thank You, Lord, that we won't taste death. We won't taste death because our redemption is drawing nigh.
We believe that the end times are here. And Father, there's a great moving and outpouring of Your spirit. And Father, I thank You, Lord, that we'll be a part of it.
I call healing and wholeness and wellness and restoration over every person who's represented here today.
I thank You, Lord, that we've been called to the kingdom for such a time as this. And I thank You, Lord, that the best is yet to come.
We're not laying down, letting the devil come over and run us over like a freight train.
We're standing against him and saying, 'Satan, thus far and no further!
You're not going to have our families. You're not going to rob us of finances.
You get your hands off of us. We're blessed in the city, in the field, coming in and going out. And good days are ahead of us.
Blessed days are ahead of us.'You said, 'Lord, days of fun, for this is the harvest and it's just begun.'And Father, I thank You, Lord, that this is a time of the greatest outpouring of the Spirit of God like we've never seen before.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that we are called to the kingdom for such a time as this.
And we're excited and we're enthusiastic about it, for Jesus Christ is coming and we're looking for Him. We're looking for You, Lord.
And we know, Father, that You're standing underneath that huppah, and we know, Father, that You're looking for us to bring in the harvest. You said You'd come and get us.
So, Father, we tell the people, 'Get your heart right, for Jesus Christ is coming.'Just like John the Baptist the first time told everybody that Jesus is coming, I stand in the valley telling everybody, 'Jesus is coming.
You must get your heart right.'Can these bones live? Ladies and gentlemen, can these bones live? It's time to believe God that they can.
It's time to believe God that the spiritually dead can rise again and a great revival will come upon this nation one more time, upon your nation one more time.
But revival starts with you and me. It's not just going to happen.
It starts with us. Stir yourself up today. Keep your head high today.
Put a smile on your face and a song on your heart today, knowing that Jesus Christ gave you the victory.
We are overcomers by the blood of the Lamb and by the word of His testimony.
You either believe it or you don't. Well, the devil's doing this.
No, no, no. We bind the devil. You're not able to do this to me.
I'm a believing believer. I'm not a doubter. I'm an overcomer. I keep on standing.
Even when the storm winds and the waves keep trying to knock me down, I'm standing on the inside like that clown.
You punch that clown down, he gets up, he keeps standing up. I refuse to lay down and let the devil rob me.
I don't want to be a statistic of death. I don't want to be that. I am a victor. I'm an overcomer.
And if I go by the graveside, if they bury me in there one day, I've got victory.
Because to be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord.
Where, death, you've lost your sting. I'm not going to worry about it.
I've got victory. Does that make sense? So, I try to encourage you all to keep on keeping on today.
We love you. We pray for you. We believe God has the best for you.
And we thank you for joining us every single day, keeping your head up with a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Remember, Jesus loves you. We love you. Have a blessed day, y'all.